README.md, before:

Puppet module for nullmailer
============================

Nullmailer is useful in situations where you have machines but do not wish
to configure them with a full email service (mail transfer agent, mta).

Particularly to send email about local activity to a centralised place.

By default, the module will configure things to be sent, via smtp, to:

	smtp.$::domain

to

	root@$::domain

i.e. given $::domain is 'example.com', mail would be sent to
root@example.com via SMTP to smtp.example.com

This may require you to configure your SMTP server to accept
incoming email from various machines.

NOTE: /etc/mailname must be set to a reasonable value. This
module will, by default, set it to $::fqdn

Basic usage
-----------

    class {'nullmailer':  }

To configure who will receive all email:

    class {'nullmailer':
        adminaddr => "puppet-rockstar@example.com"
    }

Or to change the machine where email is sent to:

    class {'nullmailer':
        remoterelay => "elsewhere.example.com"
    }

When modifying these parameters, please ensure the value is in
double quotes.

Other things to modify are listed in the init.pp file


Contributors
------------

 * [Anand Kumria](https://github.com/akumria) ([@akumria](https://twitter.com/akumria))
 * [Callum Macdonald](https://github.com/chmac)


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2012 [Linuxpeak](https://www.linuxpeak.com/) Pty Ltd.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Document how to specify the options and what are available.

README.md, after:

Puppet module for nullmailer
============================

Nullmailer is useful in situations where you have machines but do not wish
to configure them with a full email service (mail transfer agent, mta).

Particularly to send email about local activity to a centralised place.

By default, the module will configure things to be sent, via smtp, to:

	smtp.$::domain

to

	root@$::domain

i.e. given $::domain is 'example.com', mail would be sent to
root@example.com via SMTP to smtp.example.com

This may require you to configure your SMTP server to accept
incoming email from various machines.

NOTE: /etc/mailname must be set to a reasonable value. This
module will, by default, set it to $::fqdn

Basic usage
-----------

    class {'nullmailer':  }

To configure who will receive all email:

    class {'nullmailer':
        adminaddr => "puppet-rockstar@example.com"
    }

Or to change the machine where email is sent to:

    class {'nullmailer':
        remoterelay => "elsewhere.example.com"
    }

When modifying these parameters, please ensure the value is in
double quotes.

Other things to modify are listed in the init.pp file

Advacnced usage
---------------

nullmailer is also able to use remote relay which are on different ports, require authentication, etc.

As the combination of options will vary widely between various hosts, instead an 'opts' variable is provided.

    class {'nullmailer':
        remoteopts => "--port=2525"
    }

Send to port 2525 instead of port 25

    class {'nullmailer':
        remoteopts => "--user=foo --pass=bar"
    }

Other available options (for Nullmailer 1.10) are:

- --port, set the port number of the remote host to connect to
- --user, set the user name to be used for authentication
- --pass, set the password for authentication
- --auth-login, use AUTH LOGIN instead of auto-detecting in SMTP
- --ssl, Connect using SSL (on port 465 instead) (1.10+)
- --starttls, use STARTTLS command (1.10+)
- --x509cafile, Certificate authority trust file (1.10+)
- --x509crlfile, Certificate revocation list file (1.10+)
- --x509fmtdef, X.509 files are in DER format (1.10+)
- --insecure, Do not abort if server certificate fails validation (1.10+)

Contributors
------------

 * [Anand Kumria](https://github.com/akumria) ([@akumria](https://twitter.com/akumria))
 * [Callum Macdonald](https://github.com/chmac)


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2012 [Linuxpeak](https://www.linuxpeak.com/) Pty Ltd.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
